README.md, before:

# Minecraft Quick Start Website

## Description

A capstone project to apply my improved understanding of front-end development (CSS and HTML). In addition to practicing good software developement practices such as version control with feature branches.
The site provides user with information on how to survive their "first night" in Minecraft as well as other resources to aid in their understanding of the game.

## What did I learn
- Drafting a wireframe in Figma to aid in more quickly and effectively deploying a site that satisfies requirements
- Planning CSS to aid in how fast the site is created
- Using git branches to implement changes, thereby creating a clearer commit history and securely applying changes without affecting stable releases
- Workflow for creating web-projects (wireframing, CSS planning, HTML layout only, CSS to stylize)
- Semantic HTML: heading tags (h1,h2...h6), paragraphs, lists, navigation, forms, etc
- HTML Forms
- CSS Grid and CSS Flexbox
- How to host a live site on Netlify


## How to Use

TBA - there will be a URL to access the site

## Credits

**Lead Developer**: J-M28

## License

**NO license**

Commit message:

update README with live site link

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Quick Start Website

## Description

A capstone project to apply my improved understanding of front-end development (CSS and HTML). In addition to practicing good software developement practices such as version control with feature branches.
The site provides user with information on how to survive their "first night" in Minecraft as well as other resources to aid in their understanding of the game.

## What did I learn
- Drafting a wireframe in Figma to aid in more quickly and effectively deploying a site that satisfies requirements
- Planning CSS to aid in how fast the site is created
- Using git branches to implement changes, thereby creating a clearer commit history and securely applying changes without affecting stable releases
- Workflow for creating web-projects (wireframing, CSS planning, HTML layout only, CSS to stylize)
- Semantic HTML: heading tags (h1,h2...h6), paragraphs, lists, navigation, forms, etc
- HTML Forms
- CSS Grid and CSS Flexbox
- How to host a live site on Netlify


## How to Use

https://all-in-one-minecraft-guide.netlify.app
Simply click on the link and access the site!

## Credits

**Lead Developer**: J-M28

## License

**NO license**
